`azurerm_security_center_server_vulnerability_assessment` - deprecate in favour of `azurerm_security_center_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment` (#15747)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/security_center_hybrid_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Security Center"
layout: "azurerm"

> page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_security_center_hyrbid_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_security_center_server_vulnerability_assessment_arc_virtual_machine"
```

description: |-
  Manages an Azure Vulnerability Assessment (Qualys) to an Azure ARC server.
---

> # azurerm_security_center_hyrbid_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# azurerm_security_center_server_vulnerability_assessment_arc_virtual_machine
```

> Manages an Azure Server Vulnerability Assessment (Qualys) to a VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages an Azure Server Vulnerability Assessment (Qualys) for a Arc Virtual Machine.
```

-> **NOTE** Azure Defender has to be enabled on the subscription in order for this resource to work.

> See this [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security-center/security-center-get-started) to get started.

Reviewer: fwiw if we remove the language here it'll redirect to the users locale if available in that language

```suggestion
See this [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-get-started) to get started.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl

> resource "azurerm_security_center_hyrbid_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment" "example" {
>   hydrid_machine_id = "/hybrid/machine/id"
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data "azurerm_virtual_machine" "example" {
  name                = "example-virtual-machine"
  resource_group_name = "example-resources"
}

resource "azurerm_security_center_server_vulnerability_assessment_arc_virtual_machine" "example" {
  hydrid_machine_id = data.azurerm_virtual_machine.example.id
}
```

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `hybrid_machine_id` - (Required) The ID of the Azure ARC server to be monitored by vulnerability assessment. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hybrid_machine_id` - (Required) The ID of the Arc Virtual Machine which should have a Vulnerability Assessment configured. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Vulnerability Assessment resource.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when creating the Advanced Threat Protection.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Advanced Threat Protection.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 10 minutes) Used when deleting the Advanced Threat Protection.

## Import

> Server Vulnerability Assessments can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: there's three different names listed here, can we standardize this on "Arc Virtual Machine Server Vulnerability Assessment"?

```shell

> terraform import azurerm_security_center_hyrbid_vm_server_vulnerability_assessment.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resource-group-name/providers/Microsoft.HybridCompute/machines/machine-name/providers/Microsoft.Security/serverVulnerabilityAssessments/Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terraform import azurerm_security_center_server_vulnerability_assessment_arc_virtual_machine.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resource-group-name/providers/Microsoft.HybridCompute/machines/machine-name/providers/Microsoft.Security/serverVulnerabilityAssessments/Default
```
